issue_template.md, before:

# Brisbane Python User Group meetup checklist

- [ ] choose day (default: first Wednesday of the month)
- [ ] choose venue (current default: Red Hat level 3)
- [ ] choose topics/find speakers (see the talks repo for ideas)
- [ ] announce on MeetUp (requires organiser access to the MeetUp group)
 - please use a suffix of "BrisPy: " for all meetups
- [ ] arrange food sponsorship (current default: Microsoft Azure Development Team - Azadeh Khojandi is our point of contact)
- [ ] preorder food (see current default pizza order below)
- [ ] check waitlist numbers the week of the meetup and post MeetUp comment to remind folks to adjust their RSVP if they can't make it
- [ ] post MeetUp comment to thank attendees, speakers & sponsors and provide a pointing to the talks repo to both request and offer talks
- [ ] file the admin issue for the next month's MeetUp

## Meetup announcement notes:

- usual start time when hosting in the CBD is 5:30 PM for a 5:45 PM start. Add 15 minutes if hosting outside the CBD (e.g. at the State Library)
- mention the day & date in the meeting title (MeetUp's UI doesn't make it very prominent otherwise)
- thank both the venue sponsor and the food sponsor

## Speaker organisation notes:

- use the talks repo, that's what it's for :)
- the PyCon Australia schedule can also be a good resource for finding folks that are local to Brisbane and willing to talk about Python in public
- we aim for talks to run for 25-30 minutes, including time for questions (not coincidentally, this is also a typical PyCon AU timeslot)
- make sure speakers know which of them is speaking first
- make sure speakers have a mobile contact number for at least one of the organisers

## Meetup notes:

- explain the general plan for the evening (first talk, food, second talk)
- cover venue logistics in initial introduction (bathroom locations, fire exits)
- if the venue has guest wi-fi, make sure you know the password

Default food order is 15 Dominos pizzas for delivery at 6:15 pm:

- 3x Supreme
- 2x Chicken and Feta
- 2x Chili Pork
- 2x Lamb Tzatziki
- 2x Loaded Meatlovers
- 2x Vegorama
- 1x Supreme on gluten free base
- 1x Vegorama on gluten free base

Commit message:

Template updates
- default to 2nd Wed, not 1st
- currently defaulting to Bloomberg for catering sponsorship

issue_template.md, after:

# Brisbane Python User Group meetup checklist

- [ ] choose day (default: second Wednesday of the month)
- [ ] choose venue (current default: Red Hat level 3)
- [ ] choose topics/find speakers (see the talks repo for ideas)
- [ ] announce on MeetUp (requires organiser access to the MeetUp group)
 - please use a suffix of "BrisPy: " for all meetups
- [ ] arrange food sponsorship (current default: Bloomberg - @nathan-hoad or @kaiw as point of contact)
- [ ] preorder food (see current default pizza order below)
- [ ] check waitlist numbers the week of the meetup and post MeetUp comment to remind folks to adjust their RSVP if they can't make it
- [ ] post MeetUp comment to thank attendees, speakers & sponsors and provide a pointing to the talks repo to both request and offer talks
- [ ] file the admin issue for the next month's MeetUp

## Meetup announcement notes:

- usual start time when hosting in the CBD is 5:30 PM for a 5:45 PM start. Add 15 minutes if hosting outside the CBD (e.g. at the State Library)
- mention the day & date in the meeting title (MeetUp's UI doesn't make it very prominent otherwise)
- thank both the venue sponsor and the food sponsor

## Speaker organisation notes:

- use the talks repo, that's what it's for :)
- the PyCon Australia schedule can also be a good resource for finding folks that are local to Brisbane and willing to talk about Python in public
- we aim for talks to run for 25-30 minutes, including time for questions (not coincidentally, this is also a typical PyCon AU timeslot)
- make sure speakers know which of them is speaking first
- make sure speakers have a mobile contact number for at least one of the organisers

## Meetup notes:

- explain the general plan for the evening (first talk, food, second talk)
- cover venue logistics in initial introduction (bathroom locations, fire exits)
- if the venue has guest wi-fi, make sure you know the password

Default food order is 15 Dominos pizzas for delivery at 6:15 pm:

- 3x Supreme
- 2x Chicken and Feta
- 2x Chili Pork
- 2x Lamb Tzatziki
- 2x Loaded Meatlovers
- 2x Vegorama
- 1x Supreme on gluten free base
- 1x Vegorama on gluten free base
